README.md, before:

# Awesome Go

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome articles to learn Go.

## Contents

- [Awesome Go](#awesome-go)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Organizational structure](#Organizational-structure)
  - [Underlying principle](#Underlying-principle)
  - [Premium Columns](#Premium-Columns)

## Organizational structure

### DDD
- [Organizing projects and defining names in Go](https://medium.com/inside-picpay/organizing-projects-and-defining-names-in-go-7f0eab45375d): Organize Go projects with domain-driven layers and concise, context-aware naming for maintainable, testable code.


## Underlying principle

### GMP
- [GMP1: What is GMP?](https://juejin.cn/post/7324931501926875170): Introducing GMP Basics.
- [GMP2: What does the Go program do when it starts??](https://juejin.cn/post/7327138554756857908): loading...


## Premium Columns
- [Go Language Project Development](https://learn.lianglianglee.com/%E4%B8%93%E6%A0%8F/Go%20%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E5%AE%9E%E6%88%98):Team norms are more important than individual skills.

Commit message:

feat(New features):add Swiss Table

README.md, after:

# Awesome Go

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome articles to learn Go.

## Contents

- [Awesome Go](#awesome-go)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [New features](#New-features)
  - [Organizational structure](#Organizational-structure)
  - [Underlying principle](#Underlying-principle)
  - [Premium Columns](#Premium-Columns)

## New features
- [Go 1.24:New map by Swiss Table](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/29295935067):Swiss Table and Golang new version of the map.

## Organizational structure

### DDD
- [Organizing projects and defining names in Go](https://medium.com/inside-picpay/organizing-projects-and-defining-names-in-go-7f0eab45375d): Organize Go projects with domain-driven layers and concise, context-aware naming for maintainable, testable code.


## Underlying principle

### GMP
- [GMP1: What is GMP?](https://juejin.cn/post/7324931501926875170): Introducing GMP Basics.
- [GMP2: What does the Go program do when it starts??](https://juejin.cn/post/7327138554756857908): loading...


## Premium Columns
- [Go Language Project Development](https://learn.lianglianglee.com/%E4%B8%93%E6%A0%8F/Go%20%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E5%AE%9E%E6%88%98):Team norms are more important than individual skills.
